Terrain Surface Gradient List component. (#984)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/gems/reference/terrain/_index.md

1. Use **O3DE Project Manager** or the command line to add the Terrain Gem to your project.
2. Build your project using Project Manager, Visual Studio, or CMake.

## Components

| Component | Description | 
| - | - |

> | [Terrain Surface Gradient List](/docs/user-guide/components/reference/terrain/terrain_surface_gradient_list.md) | Allows you to define mappings between gradients and a surface types on a terrain layer. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Terrain Surface Gradient List](/docs/user-guide/components/reference/terrain/terrain_surface_gradient_list.md) | Define mappings between a gradient and a surface type on a terrain layer. |
```

Author: Changed.
